---
title: 33rd week of 2024
publish_date: 2024-08-20
---

`Fantasy Football Update`

GW 2 was a rollercoaster ride! I'm pretty pleased with my 80-point haul, but there were a few decisions I'm kicking myself for. Raya's performance was top-notch, and I wish I'd taken the plunge instead of sticking with Henderson. Nkunku, unfortunately, didn't live up to expectations. Isak's underperformance seems to be tied to Newcastle's overall struggles, but I'm holding onto hope that he'll turn things around.

For GW 3, I'm planning to sell off Nkunku and potentially bring in Eze or Madueke if his price drops. Eze has had a few good chances in both gameweeks, and I think there's a chance managers might kneejerk and sell him off.

`Arsenal Triumphs`

It was a long time coming, but Arsenal finally got their revenge on Villa Park with a 2-0 win. It was a satisfying victory that showed their resilience and quality.

`Duolingo Milestone`

I've hit a significant milestone in my Japanese learning journey! I've officially crossed 50 days on Duolingo. The experience has been incredible, and I'm eager to reach 100. Sentence formation has been a particular highlight, and Duolingo has made it a lot easier to grasp.

`Bullet Journaling`

I've recently started using a bullet journal to track my daily, weekly, and monthly goals. It's been a game-changer in helping me stay organized and present. Ryder Carroll's method has been incredibly helpful, and I've already seen a positive impact on my productivity.








